Add content for consistent tables (#1528)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

Column width is determined by manually resizing the header column and cells within Figma. As a best practice, column width should be adjusted to fit the longest data type within the cell.

### Placement

!!! Info

The column placement property is only relevant within Figma and doesn’t exist as a property within the code.
!!!

Column placement determines the visual styling based on where the column is placed relative to other columns in the Table.

> ![Table column placement example](/assets/components/table/table-col-placement.png =750x*)

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand this graphic/visualization. Could it be the same for other readers too?

Author: I haven't touched this since we released the component, even though this is a Figma-only property this is a bit ambiguous. Let me see if I can make it a bit more clear

## Alignment

The alignment of text and content within a table impacts the readability and speed at which users can effectively parse the information. The chosen alignment method depends on the content within the cell, purpose of the table, and relative position within the table.

!!! Info

> While we don't currently support internationalization in Helios, this documentation intentionally references alignment values in internationalized terms to make them more broadly applicable and future-proof.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While we don’t currently support internationalization in Helios, this documentation intentionally references alignment values in internationalized terms to make them more broadly applicable and future-proof.
```

- Numerical values that do not contain decimals or floating point numbers.
- Numerical values that contain periods or other delimeter characters (IP addresses).
- Nested components that display a string or text value, e.g., a [Badge](/components/badge).

![Start alignment of content within a table](/assets/components/table/start-alignment-example.png)

### End alignment

End alignment can be used when expressing numerical values with decimals as this aligns the decimal places vertically.

Common examples of end alignment include:

- Financial information and currency amounts.
- Fractional and floating point values represented with decimals.

![End alignment of content within a table](/assets/components/table/end-alignment-example.png)

End alignment can also be used in the last column of a table to:

- Highlight a "more options" function pertaining to the content within a row.
- As a means to visually "bookend" the row with content that is of a similar length, e.g., timestamps, TTL (time-to-live) values, dates.

![End alignment example within a table with a date and more options](/assets/components/table/end-alignment-example-02.png)

!!! Dont

> Don't end align content that is variable in length. This can make the content more difficult to read by forcing an unnatural [reading pattern](patterns/button-organization?tab=research#layout-and-reading-patterns).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t end align content that is variable in length. This can make the content more difficult to read by forcing an unnatural [reading pattern](patterns/button-organization?tab=research#layout-and-reading-patterns).
```

![End alignment with content that is variable in length](/assets/components/table/end-alignment-variable-length.png)

!!!

### Other alignment methods

> We don't recommend center or justified alignment of content within a cell or table. These alignment methods can result in the content being difficult to read, especially if it is variable in length.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We don’t recommend center or justified alignment of content within a cell or table. These alignment methods can result in the content being difficult to read, especially if it is variable in length.
```

!!! Dont

> Don't center header labels or cell content within a table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t center header labels or cell content within a table.
```

### Density

![Table cell density](/assets/components/table/table-density.png)

- We recommend using `medium` cell density by default.
- If content is complex or a smaller data set (e.g., a Table of basic user data), `tall` cell density allows for more breathing room surrounding the content.
- If content is largely string/text-based, `short` allows for more content to be displayed within the page.
- While denser content allows for more rows to be displayed within a single page, it also makes comprehension and scanning more difficult.

### Icon usage

Icons used within cells can help differentiate content, highlight additional metadata, increase the hierarchy of a value, or otherwise _enhance_ the text or value it is paired with. Use the outlined icon style by default and if contrast against other icons is important, use the filled style.

!!! Dont

Don’t use an icon as the sole communication method within a cell, even if the icon is explicit, e.g., a brand or service icon.

![Icon within a table without a label](/assets/components/table/icon-without-label.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Don’t use an icon to indicate the status of an object, row, or resource. Instead, use a [Badge](components/badge).

Reviewer 3: I'm okay with leaving this in for now and listening to consumer feedback. That said, I wonder if we could soften the language slightly so that this is more of a "caution" than a "don't."

```suggestion
We don't recommend using an icon to indicate the status of an object, row, or resource. Instead, consider using a [Badge](components/badge).
```

- If content is largely string/text-based, `short` allows for more content to be displayed within the page.
- While denser content allows for more rows to be displayed within a single page, it also makes comprehension and scanning more difficult.

### Icon usage

Icons used within cells can help differentiate content, highlight additional metadata, increase the hierarchy of a value, or otherwise _enhance_ the text or value it is paired with. Use the outlined icon style by default and if contrast against other icons is important, use the filled style.

!!! Dont

> Don't use an icon as the sole communication method within a cell, even if the icon is explicit, e.g., a brand or service icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t use an icon as the sole communication method within a cell, even if the icon is explicit, e.g., a brand or service icon.
```

![Icon within a table without a label](/assets/components/table/icon-without-label.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use an icon to indicate the status of an object, row, or resource. Instead, use a [Badge](components/badge).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t use an icon to indicate the status of an object, row, or resource. Instead, use a [Badge](components/badge).
```

![Icons being used for status](/assets/components/table/icon-status.png)
!!!

#### Service icons

Use service icons within a cell to communicate the source or provider of a service.

![Service icon within a table](/assets/components/table/with-service-icon.png)

#### Grouping

Use icons to communicate commonalities between values or that a value is part of a larger object or hierarchical structure.

![Icons used for grouping in a table](/assets/components/table/icon-grouping.png)

#### Product branding

Use icons to communicate that a specific item is a HashiCorp product or resource.

![Icon product branding](/assets/components/table/icon-product-branding.png)

!!! Dont

> Don't use an [Icon Tile](/assets/components/icon-tile) in place of an icon within a table cell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Don’t use an [Icon Tile](/assets/components/icon-tile) in place of an icon within a table cell.
```

![Icon Tile within a table cell](/assets/components/table/icon-tile-product-branding.png)
!!!

#### Leading vs. trailing icons

In general, we recommend using **leading icons** because the text following the icon will remain aligned and thus be easier for the user to scan. 

Take care not to mix and match different icon positions in the same column. 

### Links within cells

!!! Info

This guidance is an extension of the [Inline Link](/components/link/inline) guidelines.
!!!

Within a table, use `secondary` (`Foreground / Strong`) links as the default. 

Use `Body / 200 / Link` as the default typographic style within a table. This style increases the prominence a small amount to differentiate it from other string and non-interactive content.

![Link example](/assets/components/table/link-example.png)

#### Multiple links

> If a table contains more than one column of links, consider using `Body / 200 / Link` for the most important link (usually the title of the row, ID, or other naming convention), and `Body / 200 / Regular` with an underline for less important links.

Reviewer: `with an underline` - shouldn't all inline links have underlined text anyway?

Author: This is the differentiation between the styles in Figma, `Body / 200 / Link` in Figma has an underline as part of the style, but `Body / 200 / Regular` does not and one must be added manually. I'll clear up the language a bit here though
